footer glossary
study section
our company
desing and devel
contact page should have support
about should have reasons why wer're interested in your success
we have incoming links on your site and the more hits you get the more google ranks us
as your business grows we get to do more devel to support your growing needs
repeat business is big, expalin why
odd way of working because of travel, no storefront, word of mouth main advertising
we're in an industry where there's not enough repeat business
mention dry dock on desing page
mass links in footer
social media links
portfolio
hearthstone
siab
richards ads
jules
boys town
willow
vdc


About page

You are our #1 priority.
We're here to support you.

Building websites is about so much more than technology and art, it's about business. As a company, our best strategy for success is to do everything we can to make sure that you succeed. Our motivation to give you our highest quality work every time we sit down to our computers isn't just a matter of pride, it's a matter of foresight. As your company grows, so will the demands placed on your website and we want you to come back to us to provide its next round of enhancements. We see the small site we build for you today as an investment in the much bigger site you'll ask us to build tomorrow.

All the service we provide is done by remote through screen sharing technology, video calls, email, and conventional phone. You'll always be able to see anything we need to show you, in real-time, and you'll be able to show us too. The fact that we don't meet clients face-to-face, except for an occassional initial coffee, helps us to keep our rates down and our focus sharp. We embrace technology whole-heartedly and, for being willing to do the same, you'll benefit from these rates, slightly below the industry standard:
Large projects: $65 per hour with a $1500 retainer
Small projects/updates/touch-ups: $95 per hour with no retainer

We believe that teamwork and a spirit of partnership with our clients is the best possible policy. Your website will be part of your company's face to the public, the product of careful marketing strategy, planning, and intuition. While you're providing all sorts of information about your strategy, vision, and aesthetic preferences, we'll be providing ample technological proficiency, design expertise, and marketing and business savvy. 



That's why we're built on the principal that a lasting relationship with our clients is more valuable than just getting the biggest contracts. Repeat business is rare in our industry but ever sought after. 







design page

A good website design can make or break you plan to establish a presence on the Web. The design process is an interactive, cooperative experience that will lead to a site design that's not only visually pleasing but also holds to current standards from a competitve standpoint and takes into account numerous other factors such as scalability, searchability, and user-friendliness.


five site we like (which part specifically)

five we don't and why

Features: As the World Wide Web has developed, it's become clear that websites are not only excellent marketing tools but incredibly powerful business tools as well. Websites can help to keep track of multiple customer relationships simultaneously, help you get in contact with them and respond to their needs, or even help you prepare them for the work you'll do with them. Any good design should take into account features like these and find the right ways to integrate them into your site.

responsive design: Today users connect more with their Smartphone or tablet to go on websites (One in Every 5 People in the World Own a Smartphone, One in Every 17 Own a Tablet) Solide Source can adapt your website to new ways of connecting to offer visitors the most comfortable and ergonomic user experience possible.  Managing one site and one SEO campaign is far easier than managing two sites and two SEO campaigns. 

logoing: clients who have written branding or marketing strategies can take advantage of our graphic design capabilities to get their logos designed as part of their overall website build. For clients in earlier stages of their venture's development, we can connect you with a well-known leader in the logo design business to achieve inexpensive, quick results and contribute this vital peice to the project.

Layout and look: theme selection, configurization, and customization for clients whose needs are met by simple sites or fully customized design for clients who want to invest in a more powerful marketing tool.

built-in seo: Most people think of SEO as a form of promotion to be done after a site is complete, but it's also an integral part of the site itself. We will include descriptions, keywords, usability features, and SEO-boosting design practices in your site's pages to ensure that your site has the best possible chances when it's time to promote it. We'll also help you adapt your site's wording to include the content that search engines look for when they index your site.


development

Web development is all about one thing: getting your site to perform the tasks you want it to as seamlessly as possible for as many users as possible. Quality development can offer an excellent return on dollars invested. Just imagine, even a simple online order form can save dozens our hours for a company by automating a task that would otherwise have to be performed by an actual person. And, as more and more people prefer to use computer systems to take care of day-to-day tasks, well-developed tools built into your website can substantially increase your overall sales by appealing to an emerging market.


Backend administration systems: For clients whose needs can be met by widely supported open source systems such as WordPress and Magento, we can configure those systems to maximize ease of use and provide education to ensure that you'll be able to get your website to perform for you in regular changes and updates. Clients who need a more custom-fit solution can have individualized administration systems built driven by technologies in the SQL family.

Payment systems: Our development techniques support integration of third-party shopping cart solutions or Authorize.net Direct Post Method (DPM) to process credit card sales of all types.

Cross-browser, cross-device support: Our websites are designed to function and display well for as many visitors as possible. Regardless of whether a visitor is using Apple's or PC's, desktop computers or mobile devices, Safari, Chrome, or Firefox, your site will display as consistently as possible. Since even lower-quality browsers such as Internet Explorer still hold significant market shares, it's very important to make sure that the variations that different platforms can introduce to your site are accounted for.

Forms, plugins, and widgets: Modern websites can have numerous features, from contact forms to Twitter feeds, order forms to custom utilities. We'll help you choose the best features to include in your site based on knowledge of programming best practices and visitor appeal. We know all too well that visitors have high standards for these features and we do everything we can to make sure that the visitor's use of them is as frictionless as possible.

Reliable techniques: We believe that websites should function reliably for as many users as possible. That means that bleeding-edge technologies that put unusually high demands on servers, such as server-generated web pages, or browsers, such as recently released aspects of CSS3 and HTML5, should be avoided. While we embrace new technology at the point that it's widely accepted as functional by the web development community, we avoid the pitfall of trying to use the newest technology just because it makes the finest effects a little easier.


frictionlessly drive you to conversions/sales.
devel page
comes down to one thing, performing the tasks you need without breaking/reliably
good development saves money becausee it works for you (like taking orders), therefore it's an innvestment that'll pay you back not to mention increaess sales and selling ad space
forms 
payment systems
crm's
backends
cross-browser/device compatibility
